Add a "force" option to create/update role (#476)
kuzzleio/sdk-javascript: doc/7/controllers/security/create-or-replace-role/index.md

| --- | --- | --- |
| `queuable` | <pre>boolean</pre><br />(`true`) | If true, queues the request during downtime, until connected to Kuzzle again |
| `refresh` | <pre>boolean</pre><br />(`false`) | If set to `wait_for`, Kuzzle will not respond until the created/replaced role is indexed |

> | `force`   | <pre>boolean</pre><br />(`false`) | If set to `true`, Kuzzle will force the creation of a role even if it contains invalid plugin API rights. However, even if you use this option, you can't set invalid rights about the native API. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `force`   | <pre>boolean</pre><br />(`false`) | If set to `true`, creates or replaces the role even if it gives access to non-existent plugins API routes. |
```
